LoadROM Version 2.1

This new release is a complete rewrite. See the 'release' file
for major features and differences from the old software:

'LOADROM' COMMAND SUMMARY:

Here is a brief description of all the commands:

	loadrom [options] [file ...]

options:-

-r romsize	change the emulated romsize. State it as actual bytes 
per chip (32768) or K bytes per chip (32k) or by part number (27256)

-m model	change the model number of the target. Specify as the 
actual model number (S256, D256NV etc.), except for fast models do not
specify the speed specification.

-n number	change the number of modules, number between 1 and 8.

-w width	specify the word width 8, 16 or 32

-i [x]offset	specifies that the filename ( specified following the 
offset) is a binary file and to skip the 'offset' number of bytes 
from the beginning of the file. There can only be one such specification
and no other file specification are allowed

-s [x]address	specifies the starting address of the ROM space.  
This applies only to the first file in the file specification. This 
is necessary where the hex data file has this offset as part of each 
record in the file.  PLEASE NOTE that the subsequent specifications 
of this offset (for files other than the first file) apply only to 
the said file and is used to properly map all the data files into the 
ROM address space.  The offset may have a '-' (negative) sign 
prefixed to it.

-o device/file	use the given string as the output device for loading 
the ROMulator. Example com1, com2, /dev/tty3 etc.

-b baudrate	use the specified baud rate for downloading

-f [x]char	fill the ROM space with fill character. Normally the 
unused space is left to random contents.  Note that filling will 
cause delay in creating and loading the ROM image.

-v count	verify the data that is loaded and try 'count' times 
if the verification fails. A count of 0 will disable verification.

-d		Enter dialog mode whereby following commands may be 
given: g[et] filename - get the specified filename which is assumed 
to be a binary file either saved earlier or otherwise and create the 
current image file from it.

	s[ave] filename - save the current ROM image to filename.

	e[dit] address - enter edit mode and display the byte at 
given address.  In order to alter the location new data may be 
entered or a return typed to open the next location. Type 'x' to exit 
the edit mode.

	l[oad] [filename] - load the current image or given file into 
the ROMulator.

	[e]x[it] - exit the program.

	? - print help information from file 'loadrom.hlp' on MSDOS
	    systems this file is searched in PATH directories as well.

	! - escape commands to DOS shell

FOLLOWING FEATURES ARE ADDED TO 'LOADROM' BUT ARE NOT DOCUMENTED
IN THE MANUAL.  THESE FEATURES HELP GET AROUND SOME POTENTIAL
PROBLEMS THAT THE USER MAY ENCOUNTER AND PROVIDE SOME WISH-LIST
ITEMS.

-x 		Ignore checksum errors, normally the program will
terminate on checksum errors.

-ff [x]char	Fill and download entire ROM bank's worth instead of
downloading just to the last address with valid data.

-k adr1 adr2 adr3	Compute checksum from address 'adr1' to address
'adr2' inclusive and store the result at address 'adr3'.  The checksum is
a simple sum of all the bytes and the final result is negated.  If some
other algorithm is desired you may change the routine called 'checksum'
in 'loadrom.c' file.  The checksum is computed just before the image is
downloaded, so that interactive editing changes are included in checksum.

DISTRIBUTION MEIDA CONTENTS:

The files that are included on the diskett are:

1	readme	- this file
2	release - release notes
3	loadrom.h - header file of definitions
4	loadrom.c - source code for command shell
5	buildimg.c - source code for image builder
6	sysdep.c - source code for system dependent stuff
7	makefile.pc - make file to create 'loadrom.exe' file
8	makefile.unx - makefile for unix systems
9	makefile.com - VMS DCL command file for making 'loadrom'
10	loadrom.vms - VMS DCL command file for invoking 'loadrom'
11	loadrom.hlp - help file for 'dialog' mode
12	loadrom.ini - example initialization file
13	loadrom.exe - the executable image of loadrom command
14	*.obj - object files for corresponding c modules



Report any problems to:

Grammar Engine, Inc.
3314 Morse Road
Columbus, Ohio 43229
(614) 471-1113

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE HAVE MOVED TO A NEW AND A BIGGER LOCATION.  WE 
STILL USE THE OLD LOCATION AND PHONE NUMBER BUT PLEASE CONTACT US AT 
OUR NEW OFFICE FOR FASTER SERVICE.
